Just type normal in here


this can be our chat box up here

Requiring BingoManager means you could add in it things like const bingo = client.games.bingo etc right?

true but also other games need client.games and such 
and its better to make a game manager for features that we need a manager for that can be used for more than just bingo
that way making more games is easier for people in the future 
since it is open source and eventually i have to make PR formats for people to follow
this is the first contribution besides me so its very exciting new stuff im learning to manage 

Especially when the one contributing is bad at things.. xD

honestly though this is super valuable experience for me since this will most likely be my career path as a senior 
full stack developer so making a kind of script in my mind of how i could teach stuff remotely especially is great 


Well either way, stuff like "const bingo = client.games.bingo" inside of the Bingo Manager makes sense, right? if we're requiring it in the bingo related commands anyway?

ye 
what we could do is require game manager in bingo manager 
then chain it like that so we only need bingo
we can import and do all the logic we need from gamemanager in bingoman
right
good point
gman will be much more broad while bman and other mans can be specific 


✔ And not all games will need "their own" manager, obviously, So game manager should include all the stat based stuff for sure, keep all that out of bingo? 
Or do you want some bingo specific stats like "bingo games played" in bingo man? <-no. lol maybe very specific bingo stats in bman
but general stats like wins, losses, games played, coins earned, etc will be gman
something stats wise in bman could be heavier information for the database like what tiles you filled to get your wins, or 

like maybe eventually an image of your winning boards
    -- you'd need to be storing the winning game's number array stuff, probably the user name and game number etc..
    but recalling the array and putting it into a bingo board format and displaying shouldn't be hard if we already figured out how to do it in the first place.. lol
    like a "game number ## winning bingo card by (user):" [card]

if bingo manager (or whatever) stores the winning bingo user/gamenumber/numbers i guess?

dont even have to store it really, just print it to a certain channel like announcing someone won 
maybe we do a spin where top 3 boards get coins or something each round 

I just meant because we were talking about stats..

something stats wise in bman could be heavier information for the database like what tiles you filled to get your wins, or like maybe eventually an image of your winning boards
^ was what you wrote to begin with. xD
Why I mentioned storing the winnings, if someone wanted to pull up the stat of a certain game, or wins by (user) etc.

oh tru sorry im a bit high 

I love how we're typing all this here instead of discord or whatever else.. xD

lol ye the context and speed of this is unmatched
shame


Okay so do we want some of the function stuff to be in bingoman?
function stuff ?
i assumed thats all it would be 

Sorry not specific haha...
Like should things like "new card" be in bman? or in the actual board function?
bman i think

So /bingoboard or whatever would basically just call the function of making a new card instead of all that being in here. Making the command file fairly small..
I just don't know what all should be where.. lol

yeah exactly right

Should the If be flipped over?
if you don't have a card "Hey here's one for free!"
else do everything else, since I imagine the free one will happen more? Or does it not matter?
which if ?

Sorry got distracted splitting a file.. >.>
The if that's here now.

Unless the bingo itself is changing around, The way it was working was everyone gets one card free, and then you pay for extras, but I suppose that could be changed

thats staying

So yeah I was wondering if it matters whether you have the "if you don't have a card, get one free" first or second in the if? from like resource point of view?

go to it ill follow

Not sure if you understand what I am asking? xD

ok just got an idea
for how we could make the boards kind of fun and special 
you can buy boards whenever and they go to a persistent inventory 
then you can choose to assign up to 4 or whatever to any game 
and you dont have to buy it per game you can jsut have however many saved up


Oh I think I get it.. More of  if cardInventory is zero give a free one, otherwise they stack up?

idk yet
maybe you get one free board that spawns no matter what 
its doesnt even mention it


So you think.. Any time someone can "buy a card" that will generate a new card and add it to an inventory of cards that they have.. 
And then when a game starts they can choose to "play x cards" up to a certain limit, and they will be displayed?

I do have a lot of raw storage available so technically if you are willing to work on this a bit for a bit we can do it
but i was thinking it just stores the number of boards a user has access to generate in each game sans the first auto generated board every game

thats a really good idea actually wasnt what i was thinking but true 
oh.. xD That's what I thought you were trying to say.. lol

All it would need is an array with 24 numbers for a card, right? We wouldn't care about game number etc, if we used it as an inventory system, just need to have like 
"user xxx owns card yyy" and card yyy is this card... so if user decides to use the card card yyy get game number zzz added to it?
if that logic made any sense.. cause i lost track part way through.

yeah that works 
but if we do that we have to keep the order or B I N G O they are in

I keep getting sidetracked.. lol
If we had like 1000 generated cards all stored, ie card[1]:[2,6,9,20, etc..] and someone bought a card, so user[50] owns card[1] now? Or is that just insane programming at that point..

thats actually a perfect deployment plan 
no, discord bots are js 


What's with the convert to es6 on the other js's?
what you mean

I love how this all started out basically with just planning on doing something like draw.js currently is... 
lol true thats always how coding starts 
And now it's like.. "Lets figure out how to have users have an inventory of cards that they can choose to join a bingo game with and ..."
heh
lol true this is why i love coding so much its fun to be able to actively build things in front of your eyes

I was also looking at tictactoe, mainly to compare code and learn etc.. 
Cause I assumed building a tic tac toe grid would contain some features similar to building a bingo grid..
I messed around a bit, before realizing that there were actually action rows and stuff.. lol
